Docs - Add ShooterGame as a Reference in the Porting Guide (#836)
spatialos/UnrealGDK: SpatialGDK/Documentation/content/get-started/porting-unreal-project-to-gdk.md

* Open a terminal window and run the command `spatial update` to ensure your [spatial CLI]({{urlRoot}}/content/glossary#spatial-command-line-tool-cli) installation is up to date. 

### Terms used in this guide
* `<GameRoot>` - The directory containing your project's `.uproject` file and `Source` directory.  
* `<ProjectRoot>` - The directory containing your `<GameRoot>`.  
* `<YourProject>` - The name of your project's `.uproject` file (for example, `\<GameRoot>\TP_SpatialGDK.uproject`).

<%(Callout type="tip" message="
**ShooterGame Reference Project:** 

> As you port your own project, you may find it helpful to use our ported [Unreal ShooterGame](https://docs.unrealengine.com/en-us/Resources/SampleGames/ShooterGame) running on the GDK as a reference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As you port your own Unreal project to SpatialOS, you could use our pre-ported Unreal Shooter Game as a reference.
```
"running on" suggests it is already running (as in running right now). Also, if we are saying it is pre-ported, we don't need to say it runs on the GDK, I think?
Also, we probs don't want to link to it here as we say below that you probs already have it. So we send people off to get it and then say "Oh, by the way, you already have it, probs. LOL! Trolled you!"

> You should already have this project set up as it is included in the `Samples` directory of [the GDK's Unreal Engine fork](https://github.com/improbableio/UnrealEngine). [Here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xojgH7hJgQs&feature=youtu.be) is a video showing what you can expect to see when running it. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should already have this project as it is included in the `Samples` directory of [the SpatialOS Unreal Engine fork](https://github.com/improbableio/UnrealEngine) which you downloaded as part of the _Get started_ steps. <br/>
(If you don't have it, you can get it from the Unreal repository, and if you want to see the game running, there's a [video on youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xojgH7hJgQs&feature=youtu.be) to check out.)
```
Slight re-jig to incorporate the link to the GDK and make it clear where and when you would have got it.

> You should already have this project set up as it is included in the  `Samples` directory of [the GDK's Unreal Engine fork](https://github.com/improbableio/UnrealEngine). [Here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xojgH7hJgQs&feature=youtu.be) is a video showing what you can expect to see when running it. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You should already have this project set up as it is included in the `Samples` directory of [the GDK's Unreal Engine fork](https://github.com/improbableio/UnrealEngine). [Here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xojgH7hJgQs&feature=youtu.be) is a video showing what you can expect to see when running it. 
```
